Adding Unavailable Menu Item docs (#4763)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/menu/docs/MenuTrigger.mdx

</MenuTrigger>
```

> ## Unavilalbe Menu Item <VersionBadge version="alpha" style={{marginLeft: 4, verticalAlign: 'bottom'}} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unavailable Menu Item <VersionBadge version="alpha" style={{marginLeft: 4, verticalAlign: 'bottom'}} />
```

> ContextualHelpTrigger shows a user extra information about the state of an unavilalbe Menu Item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ContextualHelpTrigger shows a user extra information about the state of an unavailable Menu Item.
```

> ContextualHelpTrigger shows a user extra information about the state of an unavilalbe Menu Item.

Reviewer 2: I would probably include something about why you would want to use this (when you want to keep an item in the UI, but it isn't available to a user + you have the ability to add context as to why it's unavailable). This currently sounds like there is another way to make items unavailable, but this is how you add extra information.

It provides context for the state and may point users to more information elsewhere.

The ContextualHelpTrigger accepts exactly
two children: the Item which triggers opening of the Dialog and the Dialog itself. The trigger must be
the first child passed into the ContextualHelpTrigger and should be an Item. Similar to

> ContextualHelp, the layout of the Dialog is very diliberate. See [ContextualHelp](ContextualHelp.html#content) for further explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ContextualHelp, the layout of the Dialog is very deliberate. See [ContextualHelp](ContextualHelp.html#content) for further explanation.
```

By default, a ContextualHelpTrigger's Dialog is opened by hovering, pressing the trigger element or activating
it via the <Keyboard>Space</Keyboard>, <Keyboard>Enter</Keyboard>, or <Keyboard>Right Arrow</Keyboard> keys.
Hovering another item or pressing the <Keyboard>Esc</Keyboard> key will close the Dialog and leave the Menu open.

> When Menu Items are unavailable via a ContextualHelpTrigger, the Menu `onAction` and `onSelectionChange`
> callbacks will not occur.

Reviewer 3: nit: maybe something like this? It previously sounded like onAction/onSelectionChange wouldn't fire for any of the items even if 
```suggestion
Note that the Menu's `onAction` and `onSelectionChange`
callbacks will not fire for items made unavailable by a ContextualHelpTrigger.
```

Reviewer 3: Or maybe move this sentence after the one below (aka the "Setting the `isUnavailable` prop on the...")?

> Setting the `isUnavailable` prop on the ContextualHelpTrigger disables a Menu Item.

Reviewer 2: I would probably include more info on this use case (ability to have this be dynamic).

</MenuTrigger>
```

## Unavailable Items <VersionBadge version="alpha" style={{marginLeft: 4, verticalAlign: 'bottom'}} />

> ContextualHelpTrigger allows making a Menu Item unavailable along with showing a user extra information about the state of that unavailable item.
> It provides context and may point users to more information elsewhere.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
ContextualHelpTrigger disables a menu item's action and replaces it with a popover with information on why the item is unavailable and may link users to more information elsewhere.
```

Would this be better?

Reviewer 2: Updated
